of course it was a big mistake
the contemplative is torn the Swabians
but this weekend it is valuable for us
Today she tells
who stay teachers
at nine o'clock in the morning it is busy
Karas torn to the board
in the native Gunners
he is the founder of Lorenzen's own buildings the quarter mile from Elchingen lures them
all
the cars are all reduced to the essentials
a steering wheel and of course the extra-dose card
This tricked like Formula 1
without a tire Behrmann where do you get on when you arrive
is going on here
that seals everything with the one goal Kommern and record companies
Words the competition
Ford's Volvo for if wagering that live
Markus Mücke the Graubünden 32 biturbo gold
his gem managed it from zero to a hundred in 3 com as two seconds
with over 500 54 HP probably one of the fastest gold are all Germany
Today he starts to sink the competition mentioned
since this morning at 3 o'clock he is on the way when the car comes fresh
features
the last few had been voted on whether Otto drugs
the maiden voyage
A race for the maiden voyage, if that works well, but at least he has to
The farmers can not test on the highway but this can be on the
Racetrack do exactly the same thing as the inventor
or threatens bad luck
not completely satisfied
That wants
illegal stuff in front of that
Obviously more and more people want that
thousand euro fine
four points in Flensburg
he may give against it
no matter if Maxim
who endangers other flies out
Waldweiler
there come
No the whole day
Siege condition the airfield Tower over 400 participants want to compete
for 25 euros a real bargain
and finally after
said Markus Lück and his litogo so far
Nervousness before the start if everything goes well
the density jumps to green he gives gas
happy with it first gear
second gear
one
and in the stands is great
The circuit turns out to be approx
Slowly slowly Markus Lück lets the car roll out
you have to stop
Shaking his head Explaining attempts
Homburger citizens did not want or do not want
Warner Bros and here still € 000 with amazement
the consumers and competitors Volvo ground
twice as many people
a real fighter is it would be him a second time
and while luck again to the registration page
the second world record
not the german swiss but what dranhängen behind drives to the
World record Hubert Weis Head of the gable knee seen
the man is getting a suitcase
200 Reinhard Giger over the tarmac at a few viewpoint Tigers as tall as
a ruler
after all
At least the shoes have remained whole
So from many places to break
like those here
So now they have been charged in court
even before
So very quiet and Allofs
So pretty good
Of course, loyal but it said shortly
and the next crazy guy is on the grid
With this squad, when to when should the acceleration record be broken
all load at almost 200 km / h
but also succeeds the quarter mile creates the team in the hall times 15
Chamber 8 seconds
world Record
Markus Lück also wants to know it again
Ralph Kammer 8 seconds faster were only five others that day
despite the damage to his gulf
maybe not feared the special promotion of redevelopment
had been
for Olpe
before which KrustyBurger carries advertising folders on seals and
I hope it does not break that much
he takes it athletic
and who's that long?
back to Meerbusch in his workshop operational
whether wanted or not the Hollywood
requires besides his um
they are in the end